feat!: Implement Function Groups (#684)
NVIDIA/NeMo-Agent-Toolkit: docs/source/workflows/function-groups.md

## Key Concepts

### Shared Configuration and Context

Function groups are built with a single configuration object and share the runtime context. This enables efficient reuse of connections, caches, and other resources across all functions in the group.

### Name Grouping

Functions inside a group are automatically grouped by the group instance name. If the group instance name is `math`, and you add a function named `add`, the qualified function name becomes `math.add`.

### Exposing Functions

Use the `include` list to control which functions are added to the global registry. If `include` is empty, the group remains usable as a group, but individual functions are not globally addressable. If `exclude` is provided, matching functions are filtered out and are not wrapped as tools, but they remain accessible programmatically.

### Tool Wrapping

You can request tools for an entire function group. The builder will wrap all accessible functions (honoring `include` and `exclude`) into the requested tool wrapper for a given agent framework.

## Using Function Groups

> 

Reviewer: This section describes how to register and add a function group.

    # OR

    # exclude: list[str] = Field(default_factory=lambda: ["mul"],
    #                          description="Functions to exclude globally")
    pass

@register_function_group(config_type=MathGroupConfig)
async def build_math_group(config: MathGroupConfig, _builder: Builder):

    # context will be shared across all functions in the group
    async with SomeAsyncContextManager() as context:

        group = FunctionGroup(config=config, instance_name="math")

        async def add_fn(values: list[int]) -> int:
            """Add a list of integers and return the sum."""
            return sum(values)

        async def mul_fn(values: list[int]) -> int:
            """Multiply a list of integers and return the product."""
            result = 1
            for v in values:
                result *= v
            return result

        group.add_function(name="add", fn=add_fn, description=add_fn.__doc__)
        group.add_function(name="mul", fn=mul_fn, description=mul_fn.__doc__)

        # note that the group is yielded within the context manager
        yield group
```

### Adding a Function Group to a Workflow

> The `function_groups` section of a workflow configuration declares groups by instance name and type, and the `workflow.tool_names` field can reference either the entire group or individual functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `function_groups` section of a workflow configuration declares groups by their instance's name and type, and the `workflow.tool_names` field can reference either the entire group or individual functions.
```
